DDSaaS: Okta Workflows: Crawler Integration ithout Assets (#19281)
DataDog/integrations-core: okta_workflows/README.md

# Okta Workflows

## Overview
[Okta Workflows][1] is a no-code automation platform provided by Okta, designed to simplify and automate identity-related tasks and processes. It allows organizations to build custom workflows that integrate seamlessly with Okta's identity and access management capabilities and third-party applications, enhancing operational efficiency, security, and user experience.

> The Okta Workflows integration collects okta workflow event logs and sends it into Datadog for comprehensive analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta Workflows integration collects Okta workflow event logs and sends it into Datadog for comprehensive analysis.
```

Author: Done changes as per suggestion.

> The Okta Workflows integration collects Okta workflow event logs and sends it into Datadog for comprehensive analysis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Okta Workflows integration collects Okta workflow event logs and sends them to Datadog for comprehensive analysis.
```

Author: Done changes as per suggestion.

## Setup

### Configuration

!!! Add list of steps to set up this integration !!!

### Validation

!!! Add steps to validate integration is functioning as expected !!!

## Data Collected

### Logs

> The Okta Workflows integration collects and forwards okta workflow event logs to Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Okta Workflows integration collects and forwards Okta workflow event logs to Datadog.
```

Author: Done changes as per suggestion.
